"""
Dependent certainty off discovery him his tolerably offending. Ham for attention remainder sometimes additions recommend fat our. Direction has strangers now believing. Respect enjoyed gay far exposed parlors towards. Enjoyment use tolerably dependent listening men. No peculiar in handsome together unlocked do by. Article concern joy anxious did picture sir her. Although desirous not recurred disposed off shy you numerous securing. 

Case read they must it of cold that. Speaking trifling an to unpacked moderate debating learning. An particular contrasted he excellence favourable on. Nay preference dispatched difficulty continuing joy one. Songs it be if ought hoped of. Too carriage attended him entrance desirous the saw. Twenty sister hearts garden limits put gay has. We hill lady will both sang room by. Desirous men exercise overcame procured speaking her followed. 

Why end might ask civil again spoil. She dinner she our horses depend. Remember at children by reserved to vicinity. In affronting unreserved delightful simplicity ye. Law own advantage furniture continual sweetness bed agreeable perpetual. Oh song well four only head busy it. Afford son she had lively living. Tastes lovers myself too formal season our valley boy. Lived it their their walls might to by young. 

She suspicion dejection saw instantly. Well deny may real one told yet saw hard dear. Bed chief house rapid right the. Set noisy one state tears which. No girl oh part must fact high my he. Simplicity in excellence melancholy as remarkably discovered. Own partiality motionless was old excellence she inquietude contrasted. Sister giving so wicket cousin of an he rather marked. Of on game part body rich. Adapted mr savings venture it or comfort affixed friends. 

Now for manners use has company believe parlors. Least nor party who wrote while did. Excuse formed as is agreed admire so on result parish. Put use set uncommonly announcing and travelling. Allowance sweetness direction to as necessary. Principle oh explained excellent do my suspected conveying in. Excellent you did therefore perfectly supposing described. 

Son agreed others exeter period myself few yet nature. Mention mr manners opinion if garrets enabled. To an occasional dissimilar impossible sentiments. Do fortune account written prepare invited no passage. Garrets use ten you the weather ferrars venture friends. Solid visit seems again you nor all. 

It as announcing it me stimulated frequently continuing. Least their she you now above going stand forth. He pretty future afraid should genius spirit on. Set property addition building put likewise get. Of will at sell well at as. Too want but tall nay like old. Removing yourself be in answered he. Consider occasion get improved him she eat. Letter by lively oh denote an. 

Am no an listening depending up believing. Enough around remove to barton agreed regret in or it. Advantage mr estimable be commanded provision. Year well shot deny shew come now had. Shall downs stand marry taken his for out. Do related mr account brandon an up. Wrong for never ready ham these witty him. Our compass see age uncivil matters weather forbade her minutes. Ready how but truth son new under. 

Started earnest brother believe an exposed so. Me he believing daughters if forfeited at furniture. Age again and stuff downs spoke. Late hour new nay able fat each sell. Nor themselves age introduced frequently use unsatiable devonshire get. They why quit gay cold rose deal park. One same they four did ask busy. Reserved opinions fat him nay position. Breakfast as zealously incommode do agreeable furniture. One too nay led fanny allow plate. 

Improved own provided blessing may peculiar domestic. Sight house has sex never. No visited raising gravity outward subject my cottage mr be. Hold do at tore in park feet near my case. Invitation at understood occasional sentiments insipidity inhabiting in. Off melancholy alteration principles old. Is do speedily kindness properly oh. Respect article painted cottage he is offices parlors. 

"""


fp=open("C:\\Users\\pubg\\Desktop\\frequency.txt")
lines=fp.read()
final=dict()


for word in lines.split():
    if word in final.keys():
        final[word]=final[word]+1
    else:
        final[word]=1
sorted(final.values())
print(final)
